everything almost ready here I am
side of the eternal playmaker of so many
Brazil from teams from Italy to Caio
brook
It's not a great pleasure working for me.
next to this my great friend James
lage
is work is a modern reality validity
even young but athletic cruising already do
of the country's biggest classics to two
giants of our soccer tiagão
It is true that the cruise has only
greatest rival of the rooster in the 50's but
from there to here the importance of the classic
just grew up
Today I am the ball whistle chime
rolling
the marking does not arrive and it advances
everton ribeiro plays sensational goes
to the goal
did not hit the goalie goal
in game after game he shows why it is
so cool, I fall thiago, this is the trash
which is differentiated it always appears
when the team needs
cruise ship on the board now
lucas silva henrique ceará
lucas silva beautiful kick
Look at the goal
O
Joe and Diego tardelli
He is the team's motorcycle, he does not stop.
Never
leandro will donizete taking the ball
toss is dangerous hit
lisboa trave good move back there no
joked in the service
leonardo silva ronaldinho
the pluck is hit right now he
got upset with him
Ronaldinho
the impediment was a great pity
chance to end the first half with 2
to 0 on the scorecard
range of game for brook
expect something different in the second half
xavi a classic like this can happen
all
but the trend is that this result
leonardo silva's It's time to
sinister is still catching on his foot
I fall, this is the time to have my head
place even to not feel this
Our pressure will be that it's okay that the
goalkeeper who plays
gave up and found his partner
dagobert
lucas silva they play very well
ball
Ronaldinho
rock marks
look at the junction of landmarks rock
appears well to the defense for the jô in the pole
risked for goal the goalkeeper nor
July has already occurred to realize that
He did not catch the ball as he wanted to.
the two coaches are doing
changes
the cacá silva
dagobert
Henry, what a pretension I wanted
from so far away
Watch this ball come in with only one
great collaboration of goalkeeper
dagobert
ricardo goulart
Henrique
and without any hurry and what is happening
well the ball
James and the ball does not burn in foot
no team very well tidy
Look what a good chance
concluded that good defense of the
goalkeeper leaves the ball is corner shot
even with the advantage on the scoreboard the coach
saw something to change
the kick did not pass by the back and 4
the goalkeeper seemed easier option
the intense contest for the ball takes
the own goal and stamped on the back
There's no time for anything else to end the game.
we are bad
the benefit